what's up YouTube Jordan here with my
first sale video of the Year 2015 hoping
it is a good one hope to make many many
sales because all sales are going to
something highly secretive that once
again you guys cannot know about but
it's in the works it's a pretty big
project of mine to say the least via
anyway guys I have a lot of stuff to get
through them and go as fast as possible
I'm starting here with stuff from title
storm and Gaia volcano um yeah I'm only
going to keep route on and Kyogre full
art from that set and other cards I'm
going to hope to pull in English
hopefully the sets a little easier to
complete in that alright so we got this
mega Gardevoir here i'm sure a lot of
you are going to want that rules for uh
you know the sale preferred paypal
highly obviously um if you're going to
send cash by mail really has to be five
or more of the sale I'd prefer 10 or
more to be honest because it's it's a
lot of time and effort just for such a
small sale and yeah if your
international obviously the shipping is
going to be a little bit more so there's
that as well be able get the teammates
full art this one apparently is going
for a lot but yeah I got Archie's trump
card and we had a bunch of exs and yeah
I'd preferably like offers and my
private messages I really can't stand
when people just say oh how much in the
comments how much how much and so that's
a little crazy you know we can get
something started if you just private
message me at least so yeah I'd much
prefer that we don't even care if this
video had 0 comments to be honest with
you um but yeah we got these three
promos metagross TX I'm gonna happen
ease we've got another yard aboard here
I'm sure I have a full holo set
probably too but yeah let me go through
those real fast no need to show all
those individually and I know I have a
full set of the large art card so if
you're looking at just buying that I
have that I'm not seeing the large arts
in here but I know I do have an extra
set so just have to find it so yeah
that's everything from title storm and
Gaia volcano now we're going to move
into some other ultra rare cards I got
this metric full art here and on the
back I have a head ringer got a superior
sealed promo some seismitoad II exes
kangaskhan tornadus thunderous mu2 this
is uh actually from psycho dry Dragonite
Lucario blasto is hallelujah xerneas got
some English got Infernape level X and
flygon IX all these cars are beautifully
made condition we got a battle reporter
full art kill the OE x smell mari
explore a lot of you guys said you had
no money in my last video but there's a
lot you want to buy but now it's after
the holidays so hopefully you guys don't
have that excuse anymore oh yeah i got d
at sea and mega florges malamar metric
we've got some news some Zekrom xerneas
yeah meloetta here rushy ram Hyrum
mismagius level X shiny lotad shiny
anima shiny drifloon shinier le can't
age / DX v l bx mega kangaskhan Lucario
level X from the tent and we got one
jamming net left in Japanese so yeah
those are that got some big pile of
holographics here I'm
to speed up the video for this point
guys
you
yeah guys so tons of holographic pokemon
cards i have just absolutely tones oh
there's a swallow of course trolling me
as usual uh-huh be if you'd like to buy
those in bulk let me know I could always
do a dollar per hollow depending on how
many you buy if not then obviously it go
up a little bit more but yeah I also
have a few sets completed sets I'm still
trying to sell I actually have x and y
base the entire set here the floor it's
right here and i have collects your
necks and collection why um however
collection x i am missing one full art
which is xerneas so yeah just missing
one card let me know if you're
interested in that and then i actually
have the completed wild blue set
including the full arts um no secret
rare Charizard but I do have all the
flirts um so let me know if you're
interested in this I could also sell the
flirt separately so I could you sell
Charizard by itself if you want and all
the others by themselves so let me know
if you'd be interested in something like
that also I have a lot of my neo sets
I'm still trying to sell off once again
this money is going towards a very
important cause yeah I have completed
neo one actually still for sale whoa
there goes my camera yet completed neo
one and i also have complete neo to as
well um these are just promo slots i do
have the full set and i have near
complete three and four so let me know
if you're interested in that as well
other than that I do have a legendary
treasures set in Japanese uh forget in
the freakin Navy X battle boost and a
few other little sets here and there
nothing a hundred percent complete but
may
complete so yeah let me know if you're
interested I saw that storm from set in
Japanese it's going for quite a bit so
yeah let me know if you're interested in
many completed sets definitely be sure
to private message me like I said I just
highly appreciate any sales hopefully
this goes good all right guys Jordan out